Aaminiftrator Administrator
abftrac abstrac
accomplijb accomplish
accomplijh accomplish
adminiftra administra
advertife advertise
Advertife Advertise
advife advise
advowfon advowson
affeff assess
affign assign
aforesaidy aforesaid,
agefimo agesimo
ajcertain ascertain
alehoufc alehouse
almfhouse almshouse
amongft amongst
andafter and\ after
andalfo and\ also
andfub and\ sub
anfvver answer
anfwer answer
Anfwer Answer
anjwer answer
Annodec Anno\ dec
Annoduo Anno\ duo
Annofexto Anno\ sexto
Annoprimo Anno\ primo
Annoqua Anno\ qua
Annoquin Anno\ quin
Annorcgn Anno\ reg
Annoreg Anno\ reg
Annoregfti Anno\ regni
Annoregn Anno\ reg
Annotertio Anno\ tertio
Annotric Anno\ tric
Announ Anno\ un
Annovi Anno\ vi
Annovic Anno\ vic
bijhop bishop
Bijhop Bishop
bis\ Maj his\ Maj
blifhed blished
bofpital hospital
borougb borough
Britifb British
Britifh British
Britifi British
Britifl British
britifti british
Britifti British
britijb british
Britijb British
BritiJb British
Britijh British
BritiJh British
Britilh British
caftle castle
Cbmmiff Commiss
Cbrift Christ
cburcb church
cburch church
cejter cester
chefter chester
chrift christ
churcb church
cjuad quad
Colleftion Collection
Commiffio Commissio
commiffioh commission
commiffiom commission
commiffion commission
commiffon commission
commiffton commission
commifhon commission
Commifhon Commission
commifiion commission
commifjion commission
commifllon commission
commifsion commission
commiftion commission
commifTion commission
commiifion commission
commijfion commission
commijfon commission
commijjion commission
CommiJJion Commission
commilfion commission
commiliion commission
commilTion commission
confent consent
confider consider
conftable constable
cornmiffion commission
correfpond correspond
Correfpond Correspond
coun-fel counsel
coun-terfeit counterfeit
crofs cross
cuftom custom
Cuftom Custom
cxtinguif extinguis
cxtra& extract
decimofexto decimo\ sexto
decimotertio decimo\ tertio
deftroy destroy
dejtroy destroy
demolijh demolish
demolilh demolish
dfhire dshire
difburf disburs
difcbar dischar
difcfiarge discharge
difchai dischar
difchar dischar
difcount discount
difcover discover
difeharg discharg
\ difem \ disem
difturb disturb
dijcont discont
dijpofe dispose
dilband disband
dilburfe disburse
direbtor director
dis-ting disting
ditcb ditch
Ditcb Ditch
divifion division
divifton division
djhire dshire
Dorfet Dorset
Eaft-Ind East-Ind
effedual effectual
effion ession
eftabli establi
eftablifh establish
eftablijh establish
eftahlifh establish
eftahlijh establish
enaded enacted
Englifh English
englijb english
Englijb English
Englijh English
ertablish establish
fchool school
fecond second
fecurity security
ferjeant serjeant
fervice service
fetfhire setshire
feven seven
fextoG sexto\ G
fhall shall
fhilling shilling
-fhire -shire
fhire- shire-
fieid field
filver silver
firjl first
fixpenc sixpenc
fixty sixty
foever soever
forefaid foresaid
forefeid foresaid
forejlall forestall
fortv forty
Fortv Forty
fovereig sovereig
fpecifi specifi
fpedive spective
fpeftive spective
fpirit spirit
franchife franchise
ftminster stminster
fubdiv subdiv
fubfcrib subscrib
fubfcrip subscrip
fubftant substant
fubjeft subject
fubje subje
fubjlit substit
fublift subsist
fubscribe subscribe
fucccff success
fucceff success
fufpend suspend
furpluf surplus
furrender surrender
furtber further
furvcy survey
furvey survey
furviv surviv
futnmon summon
fVeftmin Westmin
fVeJimin Westmin
fvejlmin Westmin
fVeJlmin Westmin
fvejtmin Westmin
fVeJtmin Westmin
Ge0 Geo
GEORGii GEORGII
GeorgiiIII Georgii\ III
GEORGU GEORGII
Gloucefter Gloucester
Gloucejler Gloucester
GlouceJler Gloucester
Gxorgi Georgi
havebeen have\ been
hismaj his\ maj
hisMaj his\ Maj
Hismaj His\ maj
HisMaj His\ Maj
HisMaJ His\ Maj
houfe house
Houfes Houses
Iriffi Irish
Irijb Irish
Irijh Irish
IVefim Westm
IVeflm Westm
iveftmin Westmin
Iveftmin Westmin
IVeftm Westm
IVeJimin Westmin
ivejlmin Westmin
Ivejlmin Westmin
IVejlmin Westmin
jbip ship
Jbip ship
jefty jesty
jevent sevent
Jevent sevent
Jhall shall
jhirc shire
jhire shire
Jhire shire
jhort short
Jhort short
jlamp stamp
Jlamp stamp
jlaple staple
jlminster stminster
Jndge Judge
jpirit spirit
Jpirit spirit
jubfcrib subscrib
jubfcrip subscrip
Juflice Justice
Jufticc Justice
juftice justice
Juftice Justice
juftic justic
Juftiee Justice
jurifdid jurisdict
jurifdi jurisdi
jveftmin Westmin
Jveftmin Westmin
JVeft West
JVeJ Wes
loyalfub loyal\ sub
mafter master
magiftrat magistrat
magijlrate magijlrate
maieft majest
majefby majesty
Majefby Majesty
majefcy majesty
Majefcy Majesty
majefdy majesty
Majefdy Majesty
majeft majest
majelt majest
majestv majesty
Majestv Majesty
manufadur manufactur
manufaft manufact
Manufaft Manufact
meafure measure
men-tioned
mifchief mischief
miffioners missioners
miffion mission
miflioner missioner
milfioner missioner
minfter minster
mi-nifter minister
minifter minister
minjler minster
minJler minster
minjter minster
moGeo mo\ Geo
moutb mouth
negleft neglect
nevcr never
neverihe neverthe
nevertbe neverthe
neverthc neverthe
nonoGeo nono\ Geo
notwithftand notwithstand
obferv observ
occaflon occasion
Occaflon Occasion
othcrw otherw
otherwife otherwise
parifb parish
Parifb Parish
Parifh Parish
phyfic physic
Phyfic Physic
poffeff possess
poftmaster postmaster
prefent present
Prefent Present
preferv preserv
prifon prison
proviflon provision
publilh publish
Publilh Publish
punijb punish
punijh punish
punilh punish
quadragcfimo quadragesimo
quadragef quadrages
quadragesimopri quadragesimo\ pri
quadragesimoq quadragesimo\ q
quadragesimotertio quadragesimo\ tertio
quartoGe quarto\ Ge
quartoGE quarto\ GE
quintoGEO quinto\ GEO
quintoGe quinto\ Ge
quintoGE quinto\ GE
quintoGu quinto\ Gu
ragcfimo ragesimo
rcfpec respec
reafcn reason
reafon reason
recoyer recover
re-ferving reserving
refpec-five respective
refpec respec
refpec-tive respective
refpectl respect
refpeftiv respectiv
refpeft respect
regifter register
regniquad regni\ quad
regnitri regni\ tri
relpecf respect
relpect respect
relpedt respect
relpeft respect
Somcrfct Somerset
Somcrfet Somerset
Somerfct Somerset
Somerfet Somerset
tbirty thirty
tborp thorp
tbou thou
tcrtio tertio
theauthor the\ author
theAuthor the\ Author
Theauthor The\ author
TheAuthor The\ Author
theirc their\ c
theparifh the\ parish
theParifh the\ Parish
ti(h tish
triccfimo tricesimo
tricefi tricesi
tricesimopri tricesimo\ pri
tricesimose tricesimo\ se
tvejlmin Westmin
twenfy twenty
Utenfil Utensil
vefifels vessels
vicefimo vicesimo
vifcount viscount
Vifcount Viscount
vifions visions
Vilcount Viscount
-vpon- -upon-
warehoul warehous
Weflmin Westmin
Weftmin Westmin
Weftmtn Westmin
Weftm Westm
Wejimin Westmin
Wejlmin Westmin
Wejlmln Westmin
Wejtmin Westmin
Wejtmln Westmin
Weslmin Westmin
Westminft Westminst
Wincbe Winche
withftanding withstanding
withoutlic without\ lic
zvhicb which
prccinft precinct
Prccinft Precinct
Eftimate Estimate
Subjeft Subject
Sub-jeft Subject
Subje& Subject
fÂ°rty forty
AJbton Ashton
AfTeflment Assessment
AfTefTor Assessor
aftault assault
fpread spread
rcgiftcr register
obftrucf obstruct
obftruCt obstruct
obftrubt obstruct
obftrubl obstruct
ob-ferve observe
Eafement Easement
Eafi-Ind East-Ind
Eafl-Ind East-Ind
Eaft-lnd East-Ind
tertioE tertio\ E
tertioG tertio\ G
archhifhop archbishop
Archhifhop Archbishop
bifhop bishop
Profccution Prosecution
fhil-ling shilling
fhilliag shilling
Townftiip Township
Townfliip Township
Townfhip Township
Townffiip Township
Townfbip Township
fourtb fourth
Correftion Correction
Jhopfgate shopsgate
jhopfgate shopsgate
