0bftru obstru
0ffe Offe
0ffi Offi
0rde Orde
8pirit Spirit
8tat Stat
A€ Ac
abfent absent
ab-folut absolut
abfo-lut absolut
Abftr Abstr
Admiffi Admissi
ad-min admin
Ad-min Admin
adminidra administra
Adminidra Administra
Adminift Administ
adniini admini
Adniini Admini
afcertai ascertai
affcff assess
Affcff Assess
affcmbl assembl
Affcmbl Assembl
affeff assess
Affeff Assess
affejf assess
Affejf Assess
affelf assess
Affelf Assess
affemb assemb
af-fembl assembl
affembl assembl
Affembl Assembl
affiftan assistan
Affiftan Assistan
Afflgn Assign
afiign assign
aflcmbl assembl
aflemb assemb
afless assess
af°re afore
af-sign assign
afsign assign
Af-sign Assign
afTeff assess
aftess assess
afTess assess
AfTess Assess
aiTeff assess
Ajbbur Ashbur
AJbbur Ashbur
ajfeff assess
aJfeff assess
Ajfeff Assess
AJfeff Assess
ajfem assem
ajfign assign
Ajh Ash
AJh Ash
ajjeff assess
ajjem assem
ajjign assign
alfign assign
anfwcr answer
Anfwcr Answer
an-fwer answer
anfwer answer
An-fwer Answer
Anfwer Answer
anjwer answer
Anjwer Answer
anlwer answer
Anlwer Answer
appraif apprais
Appraif Apprais
ap-pr appr
Arcb Arch
Arehbishop Archbishop
auarte quarte
au&io auctio
Au&io Auctio
autbor author
Bafing Basing
Bafmg Basing
bcforc before
bcfore before
Bcnc Bene
Bcrmon Bermon
Bcrwic Berwic
beftow bestow
bifbop bishop
Bifbop Bishop
bifhop bishop
Bifhop Bishop
biihop bishop
Biihop Bishop
bijbop bishop
Bijbop Bishop
bijhop bishop
Bijhop Bishop
Biliet Billet
Breecb Breech
Breechcs Breeches
Bree-ches Breeches
Brlt Brit
Brunfw Brunsw
Brunjw Brunsw
bufban husban
bufh bush
Bufh Bush
bu(h bush
Bu(h Bush
bujld build
Butcb Butch
cafhie cashie
Cafhie Cashie
Caftle Castle
calhier cashier
caufc cause
Caufc cause
caufe cause
Caufe cause
Cavcn Caven
cbap chap
Cbapel Chapel
cbarge charge
Cb Ch
Cbeft Chest
Cbest Chest
cbm com
Cbm Com
cbn con
Cbn Con
Cbri Chri
cbu chu
Cbu Chu
ccclef eccles
ccm com
Ccm Com
ccmmi commi
Ccmmi Commi
ccn con
Ccn Con
cffeft effect
cftabli establi
Cheefem Cheesem
Chefler Chester
Chefter Chester
Chrift Christ
Churcb Church
Churcn Church
Chureh Church
circumftan circumstan
Circumftan Circumstan
clandeft clandest
Clandeft Clandest
clandejl clandest
Clandejl Clandest
clcrk clerk
Clcrk Clerk
coaft coast
Coaft Coast
colieft collect
Colieft Collect
colle6l collect
Colle6l Collect
colle6t collect
Colle6t Collect
Col-lect Collect
com-m comm
Com-m Comm
commfffio commissio
Commfffio Commissio
Commhlio Commisio
commhlio commissio
commiffio commissio
Commiffio Commissio
commifjio commissio
Commifjio Commissio
commiflio commissio
Commiflio Commissio
commifljo commissio
Commifljo Commissio
commifllo commissio
Commifllo Commissio
commiflto commissio
commiflTo commissio
Commiflto Commissio
CommiflTo Commissio
commiftio commissio
commifTio commissio
Commiftio Commissio
CommifTio Commissio
commiillo commissio
Commiillo Commissio
commiiTio commissio
CommiiTio Commissio
commiJfio commissio
CommiJfio Commissio
commijjio commissio
commijlio commissio
CommiJlio Commissio
commil-fio commissio
Commil-fio Commissio
commillio commissio
Commillio Commissio
commiltio commissio
Commiltio Commissio
commirtio commissio
Commirtio Commissio
commitfio commissio
Commitfio Commissio
commitiio commissio
Commitiio Commissio
commitlio commissio
Commitlio Commissio
committio commissio
Committio Commissio
commj commi
commJ commi
Commj Commi
CommJ Commi
commjffio commissio
Commjffio Commissio
commtffio commissio
Commtffio Commissio
commtflio commissio
Commtflio Commissio
con-diti conditi
Con-diti Conditi
con-fecrat consecrat
Con-fecrat Consecrat
con-fequ consequ
confequ consequ
Con-fequ Consequ
Confequ Consequ
conferv conserv
Conferv Conserv
confi-dcr consider
confidcr consider
Confi-dcr Consider
Confidcr Consider
con-fider consider
confi-der consider
confider consider
Con-fider Consider
Confi-der Consider
Confider Consider
confign consign
Confign Consign
confoli consoli
Confoli Consoli
confpic conspic
confti consti
Confti Consti
conftru constru
confum consum
Conimissio Commissio
conlider consider
Conlider Consider
conloli consoli
Conloli Consoli
conrts- courts-
Conrts- Courts-
con-solid consolid
Con-stab Constab
con-stru constru
cont1 conti
Cont1 Conti
con-tinu continu
con\ tinu continu
con-ven conven
coramissio commissio
Coramissio Commissio
coramission commission
Coramission Commission
cornmiff commiss
Cornmiff Commiss
cornmiss commiss
Cornmiss Commiss
corrc& correct
corrcct correct
corre& correct
Corre& Correct
cor-respon correspon
CoUc& Collect
cre-\ dit credit
cre-dit credit
Cre-\ dit Credit
Cre-dit Credit
cryfta crysta
cuffo custo
Cuffo Custo
cufio custo
Cufio Custo
cuflo custo
Cuflo Custo
cuft cust
Cuft Cust
cufto custo
Cufto Custo
Cujlo Custo
cxcbequ exchequ
cxchequ exchequ
cxcifc excise
cxcife excise
cxclu exclu
cxcr exer
cxer exer
cxport export
cxpre expre
Dcduct  Deduct
Dcnomi Denomi
Ddredio directio
deceaf deceas
Deceaf Deceas
defcrib describ
defcrip descrip
defeript descript
De-fert Desert
Defert Desert
defign design
deftru destru
dejlro destro
deter-min determin
di8t dist
Di8t Dist
difabil disabil
Difabil Disabil
difabi-lit disabilit
Difabi-lit Disabilit
difannul disannul
difburf disburs
Difburf Disburs
difchar dischar
Difchar Dischar
dif-\ charg discharg
dif-charg discharg
dif\ charg discharg
Dif-\ charg Discharg
Dif-charg Discharg
Dif\ charg Discharg
Difcom Discom
dif-con discon
difcon discon
Difcon Discon
difiribut distribut
Difiribut Distribut
Difpo Dispo
dif-pos dispos
dif-qual disqual
difqual disqual
Dif-qual Disqual
Difqual Disqual
diftan distan
Diftan Distan
diftem distem
Diftem Distem
dif-til distil
Dif-til Distil
dif-ting disting
difting disting
diftiU distill
DiftiU Distill
dif-trib diftrib
Dif-trib Diftrib
Diftri-\ but Distribut
Diftri Distri
diiburs disburs
diicharg discharg
dij dis
Dij Dis
dijfen dissen
dilcharg discharg
Dilcharg Discharg
dilcliarg discharg
Dilcliarg Discharg
dilcon discon
Dilcon Discon
dilcourag discourag
Dilcourag Discourag
dilcover discover
Dilcover Discover
dilembod disembod
diltill distill
Diltill Distill
dilturb disturb
Dilturb Disturb
Diredio Directio
Dire& Direct
diredt direct
direft direct
Direft Direct
disburf disburs
Disburf Disburs
disfolv disolv
dislrib distrib
Dislrib Distrib
distinguif distinguis
Distri-\ but Distribut
Djf Dis
djre dire
Djre Dire
dl8t dist
Dl8t Dist
dlrec direc
Dlrec Direc
dlsch disch
Dlsch Disch
dlst dist
Dlst Dist
Dorfet Dorset
eaft east
Eaft East
eajl east
Eajl East
ecclcf eccles
Ecclcf Eccles
ecclef eccles
Ecclef Eccles
ec-clefi ecclesi
ecclefi ecclesi
Ec-clefi Ecclesi
Ecclefi Ecclesi
ecclej eccles
Ecclej Eccles
edablifti establish
edablilh establish
edablish establish
efcbea eschea
Efcbea Eschea
efchea eschea
Efchea Eschea
effc& effect
effe& effect
eflabli establi
e-ftab estab
E-ftab Estab
eftabhfh establish
eftabHfh establish
Eftabhfh Establish
EftabHfh Establish
eftabl establ
Eftabl Establ
eftimat estimat
eigbt eight
Eightv Eighty
eiglity eighty
Eiglity Eighty
eignty eighty
Eignty Eighty
ejiabli establi
ejiablijh establish
ejlabli establi
elcdio electio
Elcdio Electio
elcdion election
Elcdion Election
elcftio electio
Elcftio Electio
elcftion election
Elcftion Election
ele£t elect
elfewh elsewh
endorf endors
Endorf Endors
enlift enlist
ere6l erect
ere6t erect
Eritis Britis
etfeft effect
ettabli establi
evcry every
exchahg exchang
ex-chang exchang
Ex-chang Exchang
exercil exercis
expe& expect
Expe& Expect
expofe expose
exprc expre
exprefs express
exprejf express
exprejj express
expulf expuls
facra sacra
fa&or factor
Fa&or Factor
fartbe farthe
fatis satis
fcale scale
fcan scan
fcavcn scaven
fcaven scaven
fcb sch
fch sch
fcttlc settle
fcttle settle
feafon season
fearcb search
fecrct secret
fecret secret
fecurin securin
fedition sedition
feditio seditio
fequeft sequest
feVenty seventy
fhort short
fifb fish
Fifb Fish
fifher fisher
Fifher Fisher
fifh fish
Fifh Fish
fifiier fisher
Fifiier Fisher
fign sign
fi(h fish
Fi(h Fish
fijb fish
Fijb Fish
fijher fisher
Fijher Fisher
filher fisher
Filher Fisher
filh fish
Filh Fish
finifh finish
fi-nish finish
Firft- First-
fishcr fisher
Fishcr Fisher
fmuggl smuggl
foap- soap-
folcmn solemn
folemn solemn
foutb south
fpeci speci
fpee spee
fpi-ri spiri
f°r for
F°r For
ftag stag
ftam stam
ftra stra
fubcol subcol
fubfc subsc
fubfe subse
fubfift subsist
fubftft subsist
fubfti substi
fubicrib subscrib
fuccejf success
fuccess success
fucces succes
fuch- such-
fuffer suffer
fuppl suppl
fur-viv surviv
GEokG GEORG
GEOkG GEORG
GEOR6 GEORG
Georq Georg
Gofwel Goswel
govcrn govern
Govcrn Govern
Gsorg Georg
GSORG GEORG
Hcfpit Hospit
hcrcdit heredit
Hcrcdit Heredit
hcrcin herein
hcredit heredit
Hcredit Heredit
hcrein herein
Heatb Heath
hercdit heredit
Hercdit Heredit
Hofpi Hospi
hoftel hostel
Hoftel Hostel
Hofti Hosti
Hogf Hogs
horfe horse
Horfe Horse
houfhold houshold
Houfhold Houshold
hufban husban
huiban husban
Huiban Husban
hujban husban
hulban husban
Hulban Husban
ieventy seventy
iinpow impow
iiotwith notwith
Imprifo Impriso
inclofe inclose
in-clos inclos
increaf increas
incroacb incroach
Incroacb Incroach
induftri industri
in-fert insert
Infolv Insolv
In-fpeft Inspect
infpe inspe
Infpe Inspe
In-fpe& Inspect
inftru instru
Inftru Instru
Infurr Insurr
inipect inspect
inipeft inspect
injpect inspect
injpeft inspect
inlpe& inspect
Inlpe& Inspect
inspe6l inspect
Inspe6l Inspect
inspe6t inspect
Inspe6t Inspect
inspeft inspect
Inspeft Inspect
inspe& inspect
Inspe& Inspect
instru& instruct
in-ter inter
Inveft Invest
ipeci speci
ipirit spirit
Ipirit spirit
ivhat what
ivher wher
IVhit Whit
IVincb Winch
IVinch Winch
IVith With
iwenty twenty
Iwenty Twenty
jatisfa satisfa
Jbilhng shilling
JbilHng shilling
Jbil-ling shilling
jbill shill
jbort short
jcrib scrib
jcv jev
jecur secur
jhal shal
jherif sherif
Jhilling shilling
Jhipwreck shipwreck
Jlipen stipen
Jlretch stretch
jmpris impris
Jmpriso Impriso
Jnfolv Insolv
Jnfpe& Inspect
jtr str
Jubscrib subscrib
jucceff success
Jucceff success
juccess success
Juccess success
Judice Justice
Ju-ftic Justic
Juftic Justic
juppl suppl
Jurifdidf Jurisdict
ju-rifdi jurisdi
jurifdi jurisdi
Ju-rifdi Jurisdi
Jurif-di Jurisdi
Jurifdi Jurisdi
jurildi jurisdi
Jurildi Jurisdi
Jurisdic-t Jurisdict
jurisdi& jurisdict
Jurisdi& Jurisdict
jurlf juris
jurviv surviv
Jutticc Justice
Juttice Justice
jvejlmin Westmin
JVejl West
jveljh welsh
JVelJh Welsh
jvhite white
king-dom kingdom
King-dom Kingdom
Kingfion Kingston
Kingflon Kingston
Kingfton Kingston
kitcb kitch
Kitcb Kitch
laft-men last-men
liccnf licens
Liccnf Licens
lixty- sixty-
lnfpe& inspect
lnstal instal
lnter inter
Loatb Loath
lpeci speci
lpirit spirit
lrelan Irelan
lub-divi sub-divi
lufficien sufficien
lu-natic lunatic
lupport support
luppose suppose
lVejlm Westm
lVeJlm Westm
magiftra magistra
Magiftra Magistra
magiitra magistra
Magiitra Magistra
Majcf Majes
majef majes
Majef Majes
majeft majest
Majeft Majest
majej majes
Majej Majes
Majesl Majest
mamifaft manufact
Mamifaft Manufact
Mancb Manch
manufadt manufact
manufafl manufact
manufa& manufact
Manufa& Manufact
marfbal marshal
Marfbal Marshal
Marfh Marsh
Marjb Marsh
Mcffeng Messeng
Mcffuag Messuag
Mcfieng Messeng
Mcfiuag Messuag
Mcfleng Messeng
Mcrch Merch
Mdjcf Majes
Mdjef Majes
meafur measur
mercb merch
Mercb Merch
middlc middle
Middlc Middle
Midlhip Midship
mifapp misapp
Mifapp Misapp
mifpen mispen
mifpr mispr
Mtddlc Middle
Mtddle Middle
mufter muster
Mufter Muster
ncw new
Ncw New
neglcct neglect
newf-p newsp
newfp newsp
Newf-p Newsp
Newfp Newsp
ninetv- ninety-
Ninetv- Ninety-
nine-ty ninety
notwkh notwith
notyvith notwith
obdruft obstruct
obferv observ
Obferv Observ
obflruft obstruct
ob-ftruct obstruct
obftruct obstruct
ob-ftrudt obstruct
obftrudt obstruct
ob-ftruft obstruct
obftruft obstruct
obftru obstru
Obftru Obstru
Obje& Object
occafio occasio
offcn offen
Ofwald Oswald
oontin contin
othcr other
p0w pow
P0w Pow
paftboa pastboa
Paftboa Pastboa
paftcboa pasteboa
Paftcboa Pasteboa
pafteboa pasteboa
Pafteboa Pasteboa
Pafte Paste
pajfag passag
Pajfag Passag
Parhame Parliame
parifh parish
Parifh Parish
pari(h parish
Pariia Parlia
parilh parish
Parilh Parish
pari( paris
Pari( Paris
Partncr Partner
pcnal penal
Pcnal Penal
pcna pena
Pcna Pena
pcnfio pensio
Pcnfio Pensio
pcrqu perqu
Pcrqu Perqu
perfcn person
Perfcn Person
perfdn person
Perfdn Person
perfe& perfect
Perfe& Perfect
perfona persona
per-fua persua
Perquifitc Perquisite
Perquifite Perquisite
poffeff possess
Poffeff Possess
pofless possess
Pofless Possess
pofteft possess
poftefT possess
pofTeft possess
pofTefT possess
Pofteft Possess
PoftefT possess
PofTeft possess
PofTefT possess
poftess possess
pofTess possess
pojfess possess
Pojfess Possess
pojjess possess
Pojjess Possess
pojsess possess
Pojsess Possess
polfess possess
Polfess Possess
Portf Ports
praCt pract
pradiife practise
prcfecu prosecu
Prcferv Preserv
prefbyt presbyt
prefcnt present
Prefcnt Present
prefcri prescri
Prefcri Prescri
pre-fent present
Pre-fent Present
pre-\ vent prevent
pre-vent prevent
Pre-\ vent Prevent
Pre-vent Prevent
prifbn prison
Prifbn Prison
Prifon Prison
pro-ceed proceed
produft product
Produft Product
produ& product
Produ& Product
pro-fecut prosecut
profe-cut prosecut
profecut prosecut
Pro-fecut Prosecut
Profecut Prosecut
progrcff progress
pro-greff progress
progreff progress
pro-grejf progress
progrejf progress
pro-grejj progress
progrejj progress
proteft protest
Proteft Protest
pro-vifio provisio
Pro-vifio Provisio
provifi provisi
Provifi Provisi
provilio provisio
Provilio Provisio
Pro-vinc Provinc
provlfion provision
Provlfion Provision
provlfio provisio
Provlfio Provisio
provlfo proviso
Provlfo Proviso
publiih publish
Publiih Publish
publijb publish
publijh publish
pub-lish publish
Pub-lish Publish
punifb punish
Punifb Punish
pur-cbaf purchas
purcbaf purchas
Purcba Purcha
purcb purch
Pur-cha Purcha
purfu-an pursuan
qeorg georg
Qeorg Georg
QEORG GEORG
qffic offic
Qffic Offic
qnad quad
Qnad Quad
queft quest
Queft Quest
rccit recit
Rcd Red
rcfpcft respect
rcftric restric
Rcftric Restric
rcgi regi
Rcgi Regi
rcspect respect
referv reserv
Referv Reserv
refjpe& respect
refpc6l respect
refpc6t respect
refpcc respec
refpcdiiv respectiv
refpcdiv respectiv
refpc<ft respect
refpc& respect
re-fpe respe
refpe respe
refpe& respect
Refpe& Respect
refpon respon
Refpon Respon
re-ftor restor
reftrai restrai
re-ftric restric
re-ftri& restrict
Re-ftri& Restrict
re-gula regula
re-Ipe respe
rejerv reserv
rejlric restric
Rejlric Restric
reoeiv receiv
re-prese represe
Re-prese Represe
respe6t respect
respebl respect
Re-turn Return
Rotber Rother
Rothcr Rother
rtfpeft respect
Rtfpeft Respect
rtspect respect
Satis-fact Satisfact
Satis-fadt Satisfact
satisfa& satisfact
Satisfa& Satisfact
satis-fy satisfy
Sbep Shep
Sber Sher
scb sch
Scb Sch
SefTio Sessio
seijean serjean
Seijean Serjean
sixly sixty
sixtv sixty
subfift subsist
Subfift Subsist
Subfti Substi
subserib subscrib
Succcff Success
Succeff Success
Tba Tha
tbem them
Tbi Thi
Tbo Tho
tbou thou
Tefta Testa
tefti testi
Tefti Testi
tejla testa
Tejla Testa
tejli testi
Tejli Testi
themfelv themselv
©ther other
theTwent the\ Twent
thirrv- thirty-
thirry- thirty-
tnirty thirty
Tnirty Thirty
tnou thou
Tnques Inques
tnter inter
Tnter Inter
tranf trans
Tranf Trans
tranjm transm
tranjp transp
transerib transcrib
Transerib Transcrib
trayel travel
Trayel Travel
truft trust
Truft Trust
tvthin tythin
Tvthin Tythin
tvve twe
Tvve Twe
tytb tyth
undcr under
Undcr Under
un-der under
Un-der Under
univcr univer
Univcr Univer
uttcr utter
veftry vestry
vettel vessel
vetTel vessel
Vettel Vessel
VetTel Vessel
vfce vice
vidlual victual
vidtual victual
viftua victua
VJCE VICE
vlce vice
Vlce Vice
vnder under
vvare ware
VVare Ware
vvater water
VVef Wef
vvhat what
vvit wit
vvor wor
warehouf warehous
Warehouf Warehous
Watcr Water
wbat what
wba wha
wbe whe
Wbe Whe
Wbicb Which
wbi whi
Wbi Whi
wbom whom
wbo who
Wbo Who
Wcjlm Westm
Weft West
wejgh weigh
Wejhmn Westmin
Wejl-min Westmin
Wejlmin Westmin
Wejlmn Wejlmin
Wejlmor Westmor
Wejl West
Wejl- West-
Weljb Welsh
Weljh Welsh
West-min Westmin
whatfoe whatsoe
Whicb Which
Whitccbap Whitechap
Whitcchap Whitechap
Whitecbap Whitechap
€xc Exc
Vifcon Viscon
vifcon viscon
Vidtual Victual
trlcefi tricesi
Vifcon Viscon
vifcon viscon
Vidtual Victual
trlcefi tricesi
Af-fefl Assess
caihie cashie
Caihie Cashie
Affcff Assess
AffefT Assess
AficfT Assess
AflcfT Assess
Afleff Assess
Aflefl Assess
AflefT Assess
Afless Assess
Conlidcr Consider
conlidcr consider
Vifcon Viscon
vifcon viscon
Vidtual Victual
trlcefi tricesi
Af-fefl Assess
caihie cashie
Caihie Cashie
Affcff Assess
AffefT Assess
AficfT Assess
AflcfT Assess
Afleff Assess
Aflefl Assess
AflefT Assess
Afless Assess
Conlidcr Consider
conlidcr consider
